Fix typo in in-place-migration-overview.md (#121171)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cloud-services-extended-support/in-place-migration-overview.md

| Redeploy | In-place migration | 
|---|---|

> | Customers can deploy a new cloud service directly in Azure Resource Manager and then delete the old cloud service in Azure Service Manager through validation. | The in-place migration tool enables a seamless, platform orchestrated migration of existing Cloud Services (classic) deployments to Cloud Services (extended support). | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Customers can deploy a new cloud service directly in Azure Resource Manager and then delete the old cloud service in Azure Service Manager after thorough validation. | The in-place migration tool enables a seamless, platform orchestrated migration of existing Cloud Services (classic) deployments to Cloud Services (extended support). | 
```
